hey welcome to other episode of back
inside in the kitchen my name is Kent
Dalton
and the last time I was making a jicama
recipe I referred to that as you shaved
it off and put them in the fryer with
the jicama chips they tasted a lot like
scalloped potatoes and I liked that got
me thinking couldn't you make scalloped
potatoes with jicama and the answer is
yes so that's gonna be my recipe for the
day I cooked my Hickam up this about two
and a half
very large jicama and I blow it for
about 20 minutes in the in a pot on the
stove and so that the skin will loosen
up and I skinned off the very fibrous
external skin so now that I have this
the outside skinned off I'm going to use
my pillar of course you could use a
mandolin as well but I only have a
vegetable pillar so I'm going to fill
the interior of the jicama and catch
back up to you when I'm when I'm done
all right as I'm filling up this this
jicama I want to give you a word of
warning I've done it myself in the last
couple of times I made it I haven't felt
myself yet but I also heard it from one
of my viewers that as they were pulling
this this jicama with the vegetable
pillar that they ended up coming to go
to the ER because they end up cutting
themselves as you're using your
vegetable peeler remember be careful
with it you can cut yourself you can
kill yourself just as easy as you can
tell the jicama so I will be responsible
for anybody else getting hurt so you got
your word of warning don't cut don't cut
yourself as you're following my recipes
let me keep going and I should be done
in a few minutes all right so I've just
finished filling up all the jicama I'm
going to leave these remainders on my
junk pile and I'm going to take some
paper towels to just try to squeeze out
as much of the water from the jicama as
possible all right so I'm going take
this and set this aside for right now so
I have 1 8 ounce package of cream cheese
to this I'm going to add a half a cup of
full fat sour cream
and one cup of chicken stock all right
I'm gonna mix these two together all
right
to this I'm going to add about three
ounces of chopped ham again make sure
you when you purchase ham you ask your
butcher you ask the deli person how much
carbohydrates that has been the hand
that you're giving me it's up to you
you're the customer asking those
questions see the how much it is in
there some of the ham is zero car or one
car there could be other hand that could
be up to six to eight grams of carbs per
serving it's up to you to find that out
to this we're going to give them about
Oh
1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper
eight ounces of cheddar cheese
then let's save the final elements or
two to put on top let's seize together
one more time I have my oven preheating
at 350 degrees okay
these given up the bottoms much as water
as I'm going to get out of them so now
you can put your sliced or scelc pick
them up in with your cheese and ham and
chicken stock mesons through each other
all right now we're on to putting in
this final dish so I have a large
ceramic baking pan here take your
cooking spray and give it a good spray
and then pour this in here trying to
evenly distribute all the deliciousness
around all right now take the remaining
couple ounces of cheese that you had
left over and shake that to be on top
all right we're going to put this in the
350 degree oven for about an hour and
we'll catch back up at that point I'll
talk to you guys later
all right hunger just went off and I'll
show you the finished product looks
delicious I want to thank you guys for
watching and I'll catch you guys later
bye
you